docs/timetable.md, before:

| date  |  hours |  what I've done |
|---|---|---|
|10.03.2023  | 4 |  Project design, documentation, project initialization |
|03.04.2023  | 2 |  Restructuring the project folders, webpack configuration |
|05.04.2023  | 2 |  Eslint configuration, adding and styling sidebar components |
|05.04.2023  | 2 |  Configuring baic routing with React Router |
|06.04.2023  | 2 |  Nested routing, profile card component |
|10.04.2023  | 3 |  Added new components to the strucutre, updating shift sheets page |
|11.04.2023  | 3 |  Adding Css styles into ShiftSheet page, Refactore routing, Page design |
|13.04.2023  | 3 |  Database design for applicaiton|
|14.04.2023  | 4 |  Design and use Button component, design shift-card component|
|15.04.2023  | 2 |  Redesigb and refactore Button component, continue designing shift-card component|
|17.04.2023  | 2 |  Add modal component |
|18.04.2023  | 3 |  Design modal and new form for adding shift list |
|21.05.2023  | 3 |  Sidebar Redesigning, code refactoring, new compnents for employee management|
|21.05.2023  | 3 |  Design and impelement employee listing component with a simple name-filtering functionality|
|22.05.2023  | 3 |  Data modeling and visualization for employee management|
|22.05.2023  | 1 |  designing wireframe and layout for employee's creation form|
|23.05.2023  | 3 |  Impelementation of new employee's creation form according to predesigned wireframe and data models|

| Total hours |
|-------------|
|     45    |

Commit message:

Add employee view page and components

docs/timetable.md, after:

| date  |  hours |  what I've done |
|---|---|---|
|10.03.2023  | 4 |  Project design, documentation, project initialization |
|03.04.2023  | 2 |  Restructuring the project folders, webpack configuration |
|05.04.2023  | 2 |  Eslint configuration, adding and styling sidebar components |
|05.04.2023  | 2 |  Configuring baic routing with React Router |
|06.04.2023  | 2 |  Nested routing, profile card component |
|10.04.2023  | 3 |  Added new components to the strucutre, updating shift sheets page |
|11.04.2023  | 3 |  Adding Css styles into ShiftSheet page, Refactore routing, Page design |
|13.04.2023  | 3 |  Database design for applicaiton|
|14.04.2023  | 4 |  Design and use Button component, design shift-card component|
|15.04.2023  | 2 |  Redesigb and refactore Button component, continue designing shift-card component|
|17.04.2023  | 2 |  Add modal component |
|18.04.2023  | 3 |  Design modal and new form for adding shift list |
|21.05.2023  | 3 |  Sidebar Redesigning, code refactoring, new compnents for employee management|
|21.05.2023  | 3 |  Design and impelement employee listing component with a simple name-filtering functionality|
|22.05.2023  | 3 |  Data modeling and visualization for employee management|
|22.05.2023  | 1 |  designing wireframe and layout for employee's creation form|
|23.05.2023  | 3 |  Impelementation of new employee's creation form according to predesigned wireframe and data models|
|26.05.2023  | 2 |  Design/wireframe and starting to code for employee's view page|

| Total hours |
|-------------|
|     47    |
